Use new `TakerNegotiator` interface (#440)
comit-network/create-comit-app: create/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## Changed

> - Upgrade to `comit-sdk@xx` to use the new and improved `TakerNegotiator` interface.

Reviewer: Was the xx on purpose? 
```suggestion
- Upgrade to `comit-sdk@11.1` to use the new and improved `TakerNegotiator` interface.
```
